All right, so today we're going to be quickly demoing binthere.ai.  Now, what this does, it will detect your garbage and it will categorize it  and also give you suggestions to reuse it in a fun, interactive way.  So let's just get right into it and see what it does.  So first, we have a streamlined interface.  We change the colors and make it seamlessly fit in with the background for starters.  But let's get right into the detection.  So this will actually detect all types of waste live.  And we're running a model that we got from yellow.  So if I go down on a white background, this works better as it contrasts perfectly.  But for example, if I put a bottle in, it will detect it as plastic as that kind of waste.  And we'll have that section there.  If I replace it with say this apple, it will list it as biodegradable piece.  So if I lower it down just because it's getting the white background,  it will detect that.  And then when I press stop detection, it will stop detection and save the last  known item that was available, which was biodegradable.  Now from here, we can press analyze and it will give us some insights towards this.  So it takes a second because we're using OpenAI's API to do this.  But once we get the results, you will see the text below.  So it tells us the energy saved.  And it also, you could get a source where we kind of did the calculation a bit.  And that's where it is.  So if we go back, I have to press analyze again.  It'll take a second, but yeah, I should open on new tab.  But should give us the results quickly.  Yeah, exactly.  Jewels of energy saved.  This is our new max score.  And then as I listed there, and then it says it typically goes in a compost bin.  We check local guidelines.  It gives us options of what to do.  Avoid contaminants in it as well.  It also gives us local laws in the city as well.  So it's a bit more applicable to the user than say other existing technologies that are similar.  We also have ways to reuse it.  For example, compost at home,  making apple cider vinegar,  making it feeding it to animals or livestock.  The help reduce waste.  And it gives you more constructive ways than just simply throwing it out in the right bit.  So we actually want to add some extra steps to you.  So you could actually reach your energy saving amount.  And yeah, that was a quick demo of binthere.ai.  I hope you enjoyed.